so how do you get sponsors for your
YouTube channel whether you're just
starting out or you're well-established
I'm gonna talk about that in this video
what's up influencers sean here with
video influencers helping you build your
influence and your income with online
video and today i just want to talk
about a question that a lot of you are
asking and people are trying to figure
out and that's really how to make more
money off their youtube channels
specifically by getting sponsors to pay
them to make videos and to even get free
products to review in those videos and i
recently came across a site called
famebit now you might have heard about
it before but in this video i want to
talk about some of my opinion some of my
thoughts on it and i've been able to
complete a few sponsored projects and so
i want to share about those as well and
hey make sure to check out links and
other details and shownotes that i may
have forgot to include in the video in
the youtube description let's get into
the video so famebit is a website that
is designed to connect brands with
youtubers and youtubers to brands and it
does both of those things really well
and a couple of just the facts about
famed it to get started you actually
have to have 1,000 subscribers through
their interface they will specifically
help you find sponsors for your channel
and videos this site is very well
organized and the sponsorships are
broken into categories beauty and
fashion gaming apps health and fitness
other pets tech they've got a super cool
mobile app that will help you find
sponsorships on the go
you can submit proposals and i've loved
it because you can work on your youtube
channel anytime they've recently added
new platforms including sponsorships for
instagram fine and twitter
i haven't messed with that stuff yet but
it is there so something to know about
another feature of fame bit that I
haven't started using is it is a way to
find collapse so there's a whole
collaboration section where you can find
people by channel size with a little bit
of details of what they want to
collaborate on and so that's there and
then basically the gist is this that you
sign up for fame bit you find something
that you want to do a sponsorship with
like a piece of
tech gear you submit a proposal and they
agree to the proposal you get paid to
make the video and then you get the free
product or in some cases maybe they just
give you a return shipping label and you
can review the product and then ship it
back so let me tell you about my
personal experience with fame bit so far
I've been able to land a few
sponsorships already and I've done one
on my tech channel called think media TV
and I'll throw a YouTube card up of that
also put in the description so you can
check out the final product there now
that channel is under 20,000 subs and
I've done another one under on a channel
that's under 10,000 subs so it's cool
from my perspective famebit is something
that smaller channels or channels that
are still in those early stages can
definitely engage with and land
sponsorship deals so that's super
awesome I've researched a little bit and
I've heard of people with even under you
know five thousand subs and so in that
very early stage land sponsorship deals
which is huge because as you know if
you're monetizing your channel with
Adsense if you've got a low sub count in
a low view count you're really not
making that much money so you can start
actually you know landing some good
deals and make real money at it through
these sponsorships so here are some of
my initial thoughts in tips about having
success with fame bit number one the
more focused and niche your channel is
the better we've actually talked a lot
about this on video influencers and the
power of having a niche is that if you
just kind of have a general channel
that's not about really anything then
you can't really prove that your
audience is interested and say just one
thing and that is fashion or just one
thing and that is pets and everything to
do with pets and when you have a focus
niche even if your channels not very
large brands are more likely to work
with you because they know that your
subscribers and your audience and your
viewers is watching a channel of focused
niche content and so personally I have a
channel Shawn thinks that has 35,000
subscribers but it's totally just a
personal channel of random stuff that
doesn't really connect too much and I
haven't really been able to have much
success there whereas my tech Channel is
techy
previews audio reviews video gear
reviews and that is where sponsorships
have come through and so when it comes
to your channel the more focused you can
be really the better to have success
with sponsorships secondly and kind of
along those same lines if you look at
the categories that famebit has they
kind of reveal whether it's a market on
YouTube and social media and what I mean
is this that if you want to build a
YouTube channel and you're trying to
think of a topic that will be possible
to monetize now video influencers we
talked about building a channel around
anything around your passion like could
be gardening or it could be you know
auto supplies or around your passion for
cars or it could be a niche category
inside of anything like really anything
at all however when you look at the
channel you see these categories which
shows you you know even if these spaces
are crowded it just shows you where
there's a market for this stuff
and so specifically beauty and fashion
we know that's big gaming and apps we
know gaming is huge as well as apps
mobile apps health and fitness great
anything and health and fitness could
also be like food you know blenders
green juice oh I kind of stuff pets
there is that category and then tech and
so all kinds of stuff cameras tech cell
phone cases and then there's an other
category and in there there's sort of a
mix if you're thinking like if you're at
that stage of building your channel
focusing in and making your channel more
clear not it doesn't have to be within
those but that is where what I'm
noticing where there's the most you know
brand activity and social media activity
where there's a product that's being
sold or let's say you have a channel
that's you know reviewing books you
might need to go directly to people to
try to do deals and get free books and
and maybe you know review books I don't
know like it's not a category that we're
seeing on famebit right now so just kind
of a tip that even just getting in there
might help you focus your channel now
you want to stay congruent and do what
you want one of what you're passionate
about but I just feel like that's a good
insight like the categories that already
exist for brand deals are a great place
to be to monetize your channel more and
build your income with online video and
then number three and my last tip is
famebit is
credible connector I mean how cool that
they've created the site that makes it
so user-friendly to just go in apply for
sponsorships
everything's handle the whole process is
really well organized it's just done so
well but you still have to put the
hustle in and we already know that as a
video influencer yourself you understand
that you know that it's hard work and
nobody's entitled to a free ride on
YouTube and that it takes perseverance
and it takes patience and specifically
just to give you a point of view from my
perspective I mentioned my channel
numbers and you know where I'm at I
think I've landed three deals and I
probably submitted about thirty and so
that's kind of rough numbers I'm getting
a lot a lot more back and forth talking
right now but just to throw it out there
that like don't just you know oh you
submit a proposal it's so easy it takes
hustle because this is very much you
know a business deal and you want to be
professional you want your channel to be
professional and your content to be as
good as possible and that's not to say
you shouldn't jump in and crush it on
Fame bit but just know that it does
still take work if you have a much
larger channel might come a little bit
easier but that's kind of been my
experience so anyways those are a few of
my thoughts and stay tuned to video
influencers because in the future I
definitely want to put out a video as I
continue to learn with tips for
proposals tips for channel branding
chits a lot of stuff that we're going to
share on video influencers anyways but
just ways to level up your YouTube
content your online video content to be
able to work with brands and land more
sponsorships and then also don't forget
to check out just the show notes and
anything else I forgot in the youtube
description below
question of the day have you worked with
Fame bid or any of the other sponsorship
marketplaces yes no what do you think
let's connect in the comments below and
don't forget to check out show notes and
any extra thoughts and links and things
like that in the youtube description a
so thanks so much for checking out this
video make sure to subscribe on YouTube
for more videos to help you build your
influence and your income with online
video and hit the like button let me
know what kind of videos you want to see
in the comments section let's connect
down there and hey stay tuned because we
have a lot of cool content coming up
from video influencers interviews all
kinds of stuff and if you haven't
downloaded our free guide
we have a checklist of 19 things to do
every time you upload a video it's
helped us rank our videos higher in
search helps us grow our YouTube channel
and so you can get that we'll throw a
link in the description below it's on
our website let us know if you need
anything keep crushing it keep smashing
it appreciate you and we'll talk soon
don't you wish coffee would never stop
flowing it's like a hundred and fifty
five degrees in this room right now all
right gotta go guys until next time
peace